good morning
men hardly learn what they believe jaldi know
always maintained that no num
the name of the president of the hague should not be so important when combined
there are values
and projects that are shared
however only the imbeciles never change their minds, this was said by oscar white
today I believe instead that they are the people who make the environments and who they will do
future environments
when I was asked to drive
the technical sector
I thought absolutely that authority should be
realized by moral authority from commitment
from the values ​​and not from the occupied social step
authoritative political strategists
abb manipulators have me
then changed my mind
they made me understand that
to relate with the vertices in the cane of this platonic hyperuranium which
instead amor name or surname
I was more suited
of others
if they have made us understand
keeper
to take
more malleable presidents of sections
it would have been
more useful
a so-called president of the base
better if even a technical body
possibly still in office
by the same character heard
that we are not ripe for laden
the president must have descended from above
others have stated that section presidents should be anesthetized during
the election campaign
they are the same ones who rushed to shake my hand yesterday
about spontaneity
being on the side of the last has taught me that every complaint and announcement
of salvation if done with the heart
I chose to stay with Marcello Nicchi
following the heart following
a breathable air feeling a primary trust of independence of
freedom
the others seem very high to us
if we look at them on our knees
it is difficult to do new and different things without being new and different
the technical sector I dream of realizing will have to speak the same
because the language that makes equal equals what sestri messengers means
the expression of others that is rich or poor important - said don milani
it grows more for comparison than for teaching
our referee our model cannot be the past must be the
future
members of the technical sector should be the presidents of
section that are also technical organs we do not forget
because training costs but ignorance costs even more
all the latter pay the least in particular
in the technical sector it will be abolished redesigned
the offensive term of inspection visit
with the end of tourism
and terrorism
arbitral
we must take example from football to 5 where organization humanization
technique
we were taught by an enthusiastic group
of their own ideas and their own beliefs thanks
I would like instead to make an electoral campaign talk about the contents of
technical field
but obviously there is a time
to do everything
mentor tutors
we don't invent ourselves
are already proposed by the uefa there is a focus on the referees of the
basis
today the report sends the report to the referee the report
of the observatory everyone can relate to and deal with anyone
at any time so we are not discovering anything new
the referee and the leader of the future must be
a researcher and not a presumptuous one and all of us even from a delicate moment
like this we can turn problems into resources thanks to you